gh-108219: Add credits to free-threading project (#123802)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

pip 24.1 or newer is required to install packages with C extensions in the
free-threaded build.

This project has been contributed by many people and the community,

> including Brett Simmers, Dino Viehland, Donghee Na, Ken Jin, Matt Page, and Sam Gross.

Reviewer: Should this include @iritkatriel and a few others from Microsoft too?

Reviewer 2: No, not me.

Author: Please let me know if I miss someone at Microsoft team.
cc @Fidget-Spinner

Reviewer 3: Not sure about this, I think there are too many contributors to try listing them exhaustively. Maybe go with something like "Sam Gross and many others"?

Author: Disclaimer: As the person listed in the description, I am biased, so I have no opinions about it.

But listing people as possible can give motivation to work projects not only for this but also other projects. For the faster-cpython project, [they listed as many people as possible](https://docs.python.org/3.11/whatsnew/3.11.html#pep-659-specializing-adaptive-interpreter), so it was a great honor for me, and it motivated me to participate in other projects.
(And It can also be a good reference for persuading a company to let people work part-time on the CPython project.)

> "Sam Gross and many others"?

I think this is the minimum option that should be used if there is controversy regarding this.

Author: And I also think there should be more people on the list. Please let me know or have the person update the description with more details.
(I just picked people with free-threading labels)

Reviewer 4: I can't speak for the MS team because I'm also not employed by them :) but IMO/IIUC the MS team is focused on single-threaded JIT performance mostly. So they werent much involved in the 3.13 free threaded effort, apart from discussions and design help we received from them, which I'm thankful for.

pip 24.1 or newer is required to install packages with C extensions in the
free-threaded build.

> This project has been contributed by many people and the community,
> including Brett Simmers, Dino Viehland, Donghee Na, Itamar Oren, Ken Jin,
> Matt Page, and Sam Gross.
> Meta has supported in the form of many engineer-years to this project.

Reviewer 5: Wording suggestions (on mobile so I can't easily check line wrapping)

```suggestion
This work is thanks to many people and organisations, including the large community of contributors
to Python and third party projects to test and enable free-threading support.
This includes, but is not limited to:
Sam Gross, Ken Jin, Donghee Na, Itamar Oren, Matt Page, Brett Simmers, and Dino Viehland.
Many of these contributors are employed by Meta Inc,
which has provided significant manpower to support this project.
```

Author: Thanks, it's more better, and @itamaro is going to add more detail by next week :)

pip 24.1 or newer is required to install packages with C extensions in the
free-threaded build.

This work is thanks to many people and organisations, including the large community of contributors

> to Python and third party projects to test and enable free-threading support.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
to Python and third-party projects to test and enable free-threading support.
```

This includes, but is not limited to:
Sam Gross, Ken Jin, Donghee Na, Itamar Oren, Matt Page, Brett Simmers, and Dino Viehland.

> Many of these contributors are employed by Meta Inc,

Reviewer 6: The full name is "Meta Platforms, Inc." but we can just say Meta:
```suggestion
Many of these contributors are employed by Meta,
```

> which has provided significant manpower to support this project.

Reviewer 6: Shall we rewrite this with a gender-neutral term?

Author: Oh, it should definitely be updated.
How about "engineering resources"?

> This work is thanks to many people and organisations, including the large community of contributors
> to Python and third-party projects to test and enable free-threading support.
> This includes, but is not limited to:
> Sam Gross, Ken Jin, Donghee Na, Itamar Oren, Matt Page, Brett Simmers, and Dino Viehland.
> Many of these contributors are employed by Meta,
> which has provided significant engineering resources to support this project.
> 

Reviewer 3: added a few more contributors and made some copy suggestions

```suggestion
This work was made possible thanks to many individuals and
organizations, including the large community of contributors to Python
and third-party projects to test and enable free-threading support.
Notable contributors include:
Sam Gross, Ken Jin, Donghee Na, Itamar Oren, Matt Page, Brett Simmers,
Dino Viehland, Carl Meyer, Nathan Goldbaum, Ralf Gommers,
Lysandros Nikolaou, and many others.
Many of these contributors are employed by Meta, which has
provided significant engineering resources to support this project.

```
